[Cloud] Update path to API token creation page (#4493)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/administration/api_tokens.md

1. Go to **Administration > API Tokens**.
2. Click **Add**. A pop-up window appears.

> 3. Fill in the required fields, select API in the dropdown menu then click **Generate new token**. A **Token** field appears in the window. You can click the eye icon to display the token if you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fill in the required fields, select **API**  from the **Type** list, then click **Generate new token**. A **Token** field appears in the window. You can click the eye icon to display the token if you want.
```

> 3. Fill in the required fields and select API in the dropdown menu then click **Generate new token**. A **Token** field appears in the window. You can click the eye icon to display the token if you want.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Fill in the required fields, select API in the dropdown menu then click **Generate new token**. A **Token** field appears in the window. You can click the eye icon to display the token if you want.
```
